hey guys my name is Suri she arrives
with peachy if you're new around here
today I'm talking about what you should
use hyperlapse and your videos and more
importantly how from beginning to end
but before all of that I'm very very
exciting announcement I will be
partnering with Intel for the next year
this is the first sponsored video I am
doing with them and I couldn't be more
thrilled because my entire existence
revolves around video editing and when
it comes to editing the number one most
important thing the processor so that's
where Intel pokeman the machine behind
all of the magic in today's video is the
Dell XPS 15 this is a two and one laptop
it has a 4k Ultra HD touchscreen 16
gigabytes of RAM a 256 gigabyte SSD and
most importantly Intel's eighth
generation Core i7 processor so look
we're gonna get to the hyper elapses
we're gonna get to this processing beast
but until sent me a swag box the swag
bag to kick things off with and like you
know who doesn't like goodies
I like goodies let's unbox this thing I
can never have enough lost CD drives I'm
obsessed with this Mouse with the hair
clip wow I could hurt someone with this
step-offs guys oh my gosh you've got to
be kidding me
this is a beanie that can play music I
feel like it's in my brain
it's peachy makeup Oh
I'm here with my friend Parvez he is the
expert on hyper lapses why would you say
isn't a hyper lapse what's the
definition a definition of hyper lapse
basically for me is like moving time
lapse I know you guys see time lapse as
passing of time but hyper lapse is
something that moves within the frame so
hyper lapse there's more motion it takes
a normal time lapse and it makes it more
exciting I think people are more shocked
and like oh we're gonna go through the
whole creative process of how to create
a hyper lapse so you need certain gear
we're gonna show you how to shoot it and
then how to edit it so what's the most
important thing the most important thing
you need is just a basic DSLR basically
you set a time and then it shoots every
two seconds or every three seconds
typically people will do hyper lapses
with a monopod or tripod but that's a
lot of work right you take a picture you
move the tripod one foot you take
another picture using a gimbal a three
axis stabilizer makes it much easier and
quicker because you're just gonna be out
there definitely moving and and taking
pictures
we got an intervalometer camera
stabilizer and then you're gonna need a
powerful computer so this is where the
Dell XPS comes in with the Intel Core i7
processor when it comes to editing and
premiere After Effects is a big part of
this right or just shuffling in between
RAW images you need a hefty processor
you need those cores to do the work for
you because that's what's gonna
determine how many tasks it can do at
one time the Dell XPS 15 is a two and
one that transforms from a laptop to a
tablet in no time so you can go from
having a serious video editing sesh to
lounging on the couch at laptop mode
watching some 4k videos wherever you
consume your content for what we're
doing today the intel i7 is going to be
pushed to its limits we're going to be
editing hundreds maybe even thousands of
raw images in Adobe Lightroom and then
video editing and Premiere and After
Effects and stitching all of those
pictures together the processing power
of the
seven is going to dramatically expedite
the render times because we are going to
be filming this video in 4k you're
watching it in 4k no one cared about 4k
videos five years ago but now on these
different platforms it's almost expected
that's why now that upgrade might be
necessary got to keep up got to keep up
with the time so you know hyperlapse
time when it comes to hyper lapses and
cameras being on gimbals in general you
want to keep a wide lid that's right
yeah so what focal length is the lens
are using 10 to 18 yes l our first one
Broadway
[Music]
now we just have to walk towards to walk
three blocks let's see what hopefully
not get run over by any bikers I'll be
good I'll be walking funny but that's
how you get the pictures and stable he
just say I love you this is one of my
favorite streets ever
I think the architecture and just like
those beautiful buildings so maybe if
you stay like on this side of the
streets and you just say you've never
tried I've never tried that before we
are we gonna get just super creative up
in here I think as my shutter speed is
low so I hope it doesn't come out blurry
yeah should I so the reason why you want
a little bit of a lower shutter speed
when you're moving with the city on the
street or whatever is because you get
that motion of cars so when you edit it
post the final product has that motion
applied it looks like a video that's
just zooming around
we just avoid any winds in the Train
a team of her
I don't know how we got this one heat or
head and actually to The Times Square
area does it look amazing okay guys now
it's my turn to do this okay how do you
make it did a pretty good job
[Music]
after you have all your files and your
camera imported to a lightning you
color-corrected do whatever you have to
do put a preset on all pictures export
it as a JPEG you need a system Adobe
After Effects because it helps to stitch
your pictures together with no problem
meaning that if you have like jittery
shots you apply the warp stabilizer and
you're a hyperlapse will be smooth as
butter
you don't need ways that After Effects -
I'm not clear you just don't need work
because of the gimbal is good enough
their gimbal is good enough okay so you
could do this in from here
[Music]
we were starving me how to go grab some
food but we accomplished two things
we're no longer super hungry and we got
some of the first hyperlapse is done now
it is time for me to go edit all of them
it's gonna be a late night
but the playback is that full when
you're editing and if your computer gets
slowed down you can actually set the
playback to half the quality or fourth
equality but I am doing full full 4k
right now and the scrubbing is pretty
fluid I'm double the time right now so
let's see how it does with a adjustment
layer on that adding an adjustment layer
above your clips will allow you to apply
an effect that is very easy to turn on
and off over multiple different Clips so
it's super handy with color grading you
can add multiple different effects this
one adjustment layer in preview with
this little eyeball over here so we'll
apply the luma tree color panel and I'm
gonna apply a lot here
it's still full I mean just the socket
shuffle for two times three times and go
instantly back and it's not stuttering
and this is 4k footage with a lot on it
so this processor until I 7 is obviously
moving this 4k footage very swiftly
you're just there's no hesitation what's
up what am I looking at hi are you are
you ready for this is my favorite
hyperlapse that came out I was in the
syndrome
and it was me going down into the subway
oh shoot and it's just like dude how
good - this is crazy
it looks so good it looks gonna sing
this is my favorite one so here you go
guys the rest of the hyperlapse
[Music]
so I don't want to get too meta on you
guys but video that you're watching
right now it's in 4k I've been editing
it on this computer and it has been very
smooth I've owned many laptops and
tablets but I've never owned a two and
one and I was honestly shocked the
stylus is very responsive and very
accurate and precise to the screen real
world application and Photoshop and
that's where I make my YouTube
thumbnails and a lot of times there's
either masking or selecting of things
and a lot of times it's kind of handy to
just select that with your finger and be
able to just drag and drop or swipe in
between images the 4k Ultra HD image
compared to that old HD and it's gonna
be four times as crisp and just lifelike
and beautiful as we were out and about
shooting I had this laptop for scrolling
through pictures and also editing when
we were at dinner and then when I went
back to the studio I was going through
and doing some hyper lapses and starting
to edit so I got about four to five
hours on this machine and keep in mind
the majority of the time I was in
Lightroom After Effects or premieres so
that was impressive I am used to much
lower battery times when it comes to
those intensive media editing times a
few things to think about when it comes
to hyper lapses I found that the
steadier you can keep it the better I
think that's why a lot of people use
monopods and tripods but using a
stabilizer is obviously much easier
having patience and actually taking as
many pictures as possible is going to
make your hyperlapse better and smoother
on a few of the hyper lapses you saw I
actually slowed it down to 50% speed so
you could really understand what was
actually happening you don't have an
intervalometer but you happen to have a
sony camera some of the new ones
actually have a feature built in called
the s and Q function this is the slow
and quick feature where basically it'll
build a time-lapse and do that function
within your
Kameron you don't you don't have to
worry about an intervalometer in super
luck that is very difficult word
intervalometer so shut up to Intel's
eighth generation Core i7 processor
which was behind all of the power all of
the editing making this video very quick
to edit honestly I'm not as scared of 4k
footage anymore there are machines out
there that are fully capable guys thank
you so much for tuning in shoutout to
Intel for sponsoring this video I am so
stoked for this next year I'm honored to
be a part of the squad please check out
the description down below for it and so
thank you for tuning in I hope you
learned something yeh hai prolapses
forget time lapses let's add some
excitement into our videos I guess so
let me know if you like this video hit
that subscribe button down below for new
videos every single week and until next
time guys stay Pete you okay blah
[Music]